QA (landing pages & reference) (#187)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/target.md

## What is a Target?

> {{page.description | liquify}} Each [Upstream](/gateway/entities/upstream/) can have many Targets. Targets are used by Upstreams for [load balancing](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/how-kong-works/load-balancing/). For example, if you have an `example_upstream` Upstream, you can point it to two different Targets: `httpbin.konghq.com` and `httpbun.com`. This is so that if one of the servers (like `httpbin.konghq.com`) is unavailable, it automatically detects the problem and routes all traffic to the working server (`httpbun.com`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Target is an IP address/hostname with a port that identifies an instance of a backend service. Each [Upstream](/gateway/entities/upstream/) can have many Targets. Targets are used by Upstreams for [load balancing](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/how-kong-works/load-balancing/). For example, if you have an `example_upstream` Upstream, you can point it to two different Targets: `httpbin.konghq.com` and `httpbun.com`. This is so that if one of the servers (like `httpbin.konghq.com`) is unavailable, it automatically detects the problem and routes all traffic to the working server (`httpbun.com`).
```
